# CS-370

For this project I was given the code for a pirate game where the smart agent which was the pirate had to navigate a maze to get to the reward. The code provided setup the maze itself with the pirate and laid the foundation for the code I had to add myself. The code I added myself was code for the smart agent to be placed in random starting points and begin navigating the maze for the reward. The significance was the code added for the pirate to have a memory and recollection of its routes after each run. This allowed the smart agent to adapt to the maze and get better at getting the reward each time it ran the game again. 

Computer scientists work in the field of computer and AI, having machines give decisions and solve problems for us that humans either can't solve or don't have the resources to do so on their own. It matters because our future is only getting more and more technology and as the technology gets more complex, the resources humans have to maintain this technology decreases. The human brain can only process so much as where computers can process more, and process faster in order for us to achieve more advanced technology. 

To approach a problem as a computer scientist is to see what the goal is and how to achieve it. There is a problem that needs to be solved, finding the steps to do so is one thing but how to do those steps the best way possible is another. For example, the problem is to deliver a package, a human could just pick it up and deliver it, or an AI can deliver it, faster, more accurately and deliver more packages in the same time it takes the human, thus maximizing the resources needed for the delivery. 

The ethical responsibilities are to make sure that machine learning and AI do not break our moral code and regulations that humans live by. Not having bias or seggregation in data, and making sure none of the smart agents have malicious intent or pose any threat to people whatsoever. Giving humans their privacy and safety is the number one regulation all machine learning and AI should have. 
